Add branching to the tutorial (#1027)
alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit: docs/documentation/make-first-prototype/branching.md

> # Branching (showing pages depending on user input)

Reviewer: Branching is only mentioning in the title, and nowhere else in the doc. Also, maybe 'branching' could confuse users (like me!) who have entry-level Git knowledge and might think we mean a Git thing. Because we've used "sends"/"shows" in the rest of the doc, could a title like 'Sending users to a different page' work? Or 'Showing pages after user input'?

Author: I think it's useful to introduce the term - always referring to it as something like 'showing pages depending on user input' is a bit long. How about we use the term again in the opening paragraph and define it, possible with a (this is different to concept of 'branching' in Git), unless we can think of another term?

Reviewer: I'm a bit wary of us coining our own terms, as that can create issues later, but failing all else defining the concept sounds good. If we differentiate it from Git, though, what about non-technical users who do not know what branching means in either the Git or kit senses? Do we want to introduce them to 2 new, identically named concepts (only 1 of which is relevant to the tutorial)?

My other concern about 'branching' is that it's figurative language, so won't necessarily be understood at first glance. 

Potential issue with the title's 'showing pages depending on user input': it could also suggest that the page itself is somehow reliant on user input for its existence. What about 'page redirects after user input'?

> Our first question asks the user how many balls they can juggle. We’re going to send them to an ‘ineligible’ page if they can only juggle 2 or less.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our first question asks the user how many balls they can juggle. We’re going to send them to an ‘ineligible’ page if they can only juggle 2 balls or less.
```

Reviewer: Do we need to say what happens if they can juggle more than 2 balls?

Author: I guess its implied that what happened before (next question) will continue to happen.. but happy to make explicit if you'd like to

Reviewer: No worries - that's a fair rationale. Thanks for explaining!

To do this, we’re going to need an ‘ineligible.html’ page, and some logic to decide when to send them there.

> This kind of logic goes in a file called `app/routes.js`. Routes tell the kit what to do when the user goes to specific pages, and it’s written in JavaScript.

Reviewer: Is it the logic or the route that's written in JS?

Author: The whole file - up to now the tutorial has been all html and nunjucks. Do you think there's a clearer way of saying this?

Reviewer: Maybe we could rearrange these 2 sentences. To something like this, if it conveys the right meaning:

> This kind of logic goes in a file called `app/routes.js`, which is written in JavaScript. Routes tell the kit what to do when the user goes to specific pages.

> The route takes the answer the user gave to the first question and either shows them the next question or the ineligible page, depending on their answer.

Reviewer 2: The page currently uses a mixture of 'shows' and 'sends to'. I think the latter might help to explain why the code uses "redirect"?

```suggestion
The route takes the answer the user gave to the first question and either sends them to the next question or the ineligible page, depending on their answer.
```

> ## Create the ineligible page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create an ineligible page
```

Reviewer: In the opening section above, we first refer to "an" ineligible page. Also, in the content underneath this heading, step 1 also refers to "an" ineligible page.

> 1. Make an `ineligible.html` page by copying `template-content-page.html`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make an `ineligible.html` page by copying `template-content-page.html`.
```

Reviewer: Maybe the user does not need to know this, but I wondered - how does copying `template-content-page.html` make an `ineligible.html` page? Can we add content here about copying, or else link back to relevant content elsewhere in the Kit docs?

Also, what's the difference between 'creating' an ineligible page (as in the title) and 'making' one (as in step 1)?

> 2. Update the content to tell the user why they’re ineligible and what they can do next.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Update the content to tell the user that the page is ineligible, and what they can do next.
```

> Check it works by visiting http://localhost:3000/ineligible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check it works by visiting http://localhost:3000/ineligible.
```

Reviewer: By "it," do we mean the content or the page? Would be good to call out. Also, what should users do if it does not work?

> Check it works by visiting https://localhost:3000/ineligible

Reviewer 2: This gets auto-linked by the markdown renderer, which might confuse people if they click it and _don't_ have the kit running. Also it's possible that they're running it on a different port (if they have two versions of the kit running).

Other pages do do this though, so maybe it's ok. Except that it won't be using `https`:

```suggestion
Check it works by visiting http://localhost:3000/ineligible
```

## Create a route

> We’re going to write some logic to process the user’s answer to question 1. If the user can juggle 3 balls or more, we’ll show them question 2. If they answer with anything else, we’ll show them the ineligible page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We’re going to write some logic to process the user’s answer to question 1. If the user can juggle 3 balls or more, we’ll send them to question 2. If they answer with anything else, we’ll send them to the ineligible page.
```

> Currently, the `juggling-balls` page sends the user directly to question 2. We’re going to instead send them to a new special url where we can run some code to check their answer.

Reviewer: Could delete "new" unless it tells users something that helps them achieve their aim.

> Currently, the `juggling-balls` page sends the user directly to question 2. We’re going to instead send them to a new special url where we can run some code to check their answer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the `juggling-balls` page sends the user directly to question 2. We’re going to instead send them to a new special URL where we can run some code to check their answer.
```

Reviewer: Display URL in uppercase (so sayeth the GOV.UK style guide).

> 1. In juggling-balls.html change the form action to `/juggling-balls-answer`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In juggling-balls.html change the form action to `/juggling-balls-answer`.
```

Reviewer: Should "juggling-balls.html" be inside back quotes?

> 2. Open `/app/routes.js`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Open `/app/routes.js`.
```

> 3. Insert new JavaScript into line 5, before `module.exports = router`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Insert new JavaScript into line 5, before `module.exports = router`.
```

> 3. Insert new javascript into line 5, before `module.exports = router`

Reviewer 2: I'm not a fan of this capitalisation, but it seems to be what other pages and the Design System website does:

```suggestion
3. Insert new JavaScript into line 5, before `module.exports = router`
```

```
router.post('/juggling-balls-answer', function (req, res) {

  // Make a variable and give it the value from 'juggling-balls'
  var jugglingBalls = req.session.data['juggling-balls']

  // Check whether the variable matches a condition
  if (jugglingBalls == "3 or more"){
    // Send user to next page
    res.redirect('/juggling-trick')
  } else {
    // Send user to ineligible page
    res.redirect('/ineligible')
  }

})
```

> Check it works - test each of the answers.

Reviewer: I agree that this should be step 4 - it seems like part of the overall objective of this section.

In "Check it works," does "it" mean the route? Whatever it is, is worth calling out, I reckon.

Oh, and how do users test the answers? Is that self-evident or do we need to give detail?

## If the kit crashes

> If you don’t get a page, check in the terminal to see if the kit has crashed. This is a common problem if there’s a typo in the JavaScript. Helpfully the kit will try to tell you the line number with the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not get a page, check in the terminal to see if the kit has crashed. This is a common problem if there’s a typo in the JavaScript. If so, the kit will try to tell you the line number with the issue.
```

Reviewer: Should we say "terminal" or "command line"? (Thinking of non-Mac users.)

> Sample terminal output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the kit crashes, your command line output will look something like the following
```

```
/Users/name/projects/juggling-licence-prototype/app/routes.js:12
});
^
SyntaxError: Unexpected token }
    at Object.exports.runInThisContext (vm.js:76:16)
    at Module._compile (module.js:542:28)
    at Object.Module._extensions..js (module.js:579:10)
    at Module.load (module.js:487:32)
    at tryModuleLoad (module.js:446:12)
    at Function.Module._load (module.js:438:3)
    at Module.require (module.js:497:17)
    at require (internal/module.js:20:19)

>     at Object.<anonymous> (/Users/edhorsford/projects/juggling-licence-prototype/server.js:7:14)

Reviewer: Do we need to anonymise the username here?

Author: replace with `[username]`

    at Module._compile (module.js:570:32)
[14:11:50] [nodemon] app crashed - waiting for file changes before starting…
```

> The first line of this ends with `/app/routes.js:12`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first line of this sample output ends with `/app/routes.js:12`.
```

> The 12 indicates there’s probably a mistake on line 12 or the line before it. In this case, it was a missing bracket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The '12' suggests there’s probably a mistake on line 12 or the line before it. In this case, it was a missing bracket.
```

Reviewer: if a user looked at the sample output here, could they figure out the issue was a missing bracket?
